OLS-893: OpenShift Lightspeed docs edits (#79884)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ols-installing-operator.adoc

.Prerequisites

> * You have deployed {ocp-product-title} 4.15 or later. The cluster must be connected to the Internet and have telemetry enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You deployed {ocp-product-title} 4.15 or later. 

* Your {ocp-product-title} cluster is connected to the internet. 

* You enabled telemetry on your {ocp-product-title} cluster.
```

This one prerequisite can be divided into separate prereqs for readability.
